good morning good day good night are you
watching the rain tonight this is one of
those like same film same headed same
upload videoes dispersing you might be
watching us on Thursday it's a very
important day of miles to them if you
will I might do a Q&A later we're gonna
see how today guess also a lot of you
lovely human asking about my new buses
and where I got them from which is
awesome acting because I'm going to be
featuring all of my new specs and
actually a hashtag sponsored video
there's actually lovely so you guys okay
let's go oh and I'll come back
[Music]
thank you guys is my new apartment I'm
going to give you the apartment tour
before my stuff is here this is like the
first bedroom I'm not sure which one is
going to be like my office and you want
back here and I love this room because
it's just so filled with natural life
all right we are all sergeants my old
apartment I've changed read four books
haven't actually been living separate
saunas I thought I'd hit the jackpot and
it was actually the perfect situation
for the first year of living here and
then things just hit the fan
no dear a full-time job is living in the
park and today I am going to be
completely done with it so now I'm
driving the rest of the stuff that is
here so on the cultures that hope they
can find someone to move yet this would
be a time to get all sentimental and
like oh my god this place so much but no
I like having a celebration right houses
I'm sorry to be done with this hopefully
I am done we will my situation I'm done
dealing with terrible management
I'm Daddy walking up five flights of
stairs every day but this is a moment to
remember this is a big deal for me all
the work and everything last year that
went down has given me the ability to
glow up just a little bit here in the
city so Tara remember this moment
remember how accomplished
I also think it's pretty cool that the
PG fans have been along for the ride
that's entirety and I think that's the
cool part about posting to youtube and
posting frequently because you get to
share not only other people's stories
and fun entertaining things but also
I've got an opportunity to share it like
ups and downs of my journey and I'm
going to keep on doing that and you guys
have been here the entire time and you
make this possible now different people
who are like inspired by the stuff I
make is b-positive everything so thank
you thank you
[Music]
okay quick update I've been trying to
screw whole something a screw out of for
about 25 minutes now I'm not sweating at
all doing really I'm hanging in there
I just heard the louder like downstairs
it's you know today is not the best day
for me but this person is having a much
less today show oh this truck that's
dropping us dream
just drop and then higher load
everything is upside down and out of the
plastic wrap one looks good my dude I am
so sorry oh there goes one three
Gatorade maybe actually really thirsty
certainly don't care if you guys know
where I used to live now because I don't
live here anymore but this building this
building right here I used to stare at
every single day and say I'm going to
have an office here one day I'm just
obsessed the huge windows and the
architecture and right on the west side
I'm just obsessed with it yeah I'm a
huge believer in speaking things into
motion so one day building and I have an
awesome new goal goal goal goal goal
goal so I've gotten all the shades down
from all the windows I need to grab my
life backs light bulbs put normal ones
in there put the rest of the trash and
here somehow put this stuff in a bag to
transport back to my new apartment
and then I'm done forever forever with
this apartment
well okay four hours later I am gross I
am sweaty I have like five boxes
downstairs and I'm going to try to fit
in a lip to go back to my new apartment
this is it this is it goodbye design old
apartment okay hello I'm back in my new
apartment and guess what this is
officially the only apartment I am
paying rent for I love it here and I am
done forever I am done forever with my
old apartment is the time to celebrate
[Music]
alright now I can move on to literally
just working and focusing on videos and
you guys living in New York City should
be a full-time job anymore
hopefully did somewhere earlier when I
was mentioning like I've made it but as
a person who's constantly looking to the
next thing and sometimes not finding
satisfaction in the now I think it was
important for me to kind of just earmark
this moment because when I think about
where I was just under two years ago
when I was living in Nashville I was
scared out of my mind because I had no
idea what I wanted to do in life I was
still in college I was battling my
thoughts of like oh my god just tough it
out stick it out Collins you're going to
have to go into debt for something that
you hate to do where you take a risk and
drop out and pursue video there's the
added stress of just life during that
time I enjoyed Nashville but I still
wanted something more and I had this
idea of going to a city like New York
but I didn't know how to make it happen
there were added pressures like I've
never really mentioned this and sorry
dad if you don't want me to mention this
but it's honestly just for life during
the time when I was on the late-night
phone calls with my mom about dropping
out of college and just not knowing what
I wanted to do in life my dad also lost
his job my brother was undergoing a
junior high school where you
start thinking about colleges and stuff
and just every single very overwhelming
I know what my life did I ever think of
my parents of like backup plans or
anything if I wanted to do something I
have to go out and do it or I have to
work to pay for what I want but all of
the uncertainty in that time like scared
me because there really was absolutely
no fallback plan that kind of Nashville
seems so far off now and there are
things in life like at all times that
are stressful and that I don't think I
can get through but I've never
experienced that level of stress and
uncertainties and Backman and during
those moments I kind of jokingly would
say this thing to my mom a lot that was
actually pretty serious I absolutely
hate I hated I think it but in Nashville
I was legitimately eating like peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches every single
meal I was just eating like $2 Campbell
to do stuff is this like rent is more
important so I would say that I have
made it in life if I can afford rent in
a city I love and going to eat is ten to
twelve dollar salad or juice for lunch
every day without having to like think
about it and I know that sounds so silly
and I know so many other people have had
to grind for so much longer to like to
get to where they want and I don't think
I will ever arrive cuz I have so many
hopes and dreams stuff but like in this
moment scared Sara back in Nashville not
knowing what
set bazaar like where to go that sarah
has arrived
like two years later I'm good
I know this video probably was the most
exciting thing ever but thank you for
sharing this moment with me I'm going to
pay three or four questions from Twitter
that I think are interesting questions
and I want to have known that in a blog
will you write a book I don't ever see
myself like writing out my life story or
anything because my favorite medium to
tell stories our videos pictures
anything on social media but I have
actually had a dream for a very very
long time to do a coffee table book with
like sick pictures of creative people
and big blocky chunky text and stuff
that has been a dream of mine for a
while because I love coffee table book
one day I'll show you kind of my coffee
table book collection but I love it and
that would be the dream if you got one
million dollars to start a company
tomorrow what would it be guys I'm going
to be trying to start something a very
big very soon without all of the money
because you owe it to yourself in life
to take the risk to pursue those crazy
ideas you don't want to wake up one day
and think what it is Lacroix dead to you
what games on what platform did you play
when you were younger there was this
monkey ball game that I used to play all
the time with my friends on the Gamecube
three like launch yourself is mucking it
you try to land on these targets totally
forgot what it is called
and I also played halo a lot we were a
Microsoft and my growing up my dad got
the discount on the Xbox games and we
played halo all the time
I suck at call of duty but challenged me
to a game of Halo
I am very above average if you so much
rain yell with me fun to bring you guys
the house it seems like real life stuff
we don't you like this video subscribe
button down below for new videos every
single Monday to Friday we are almost at
200,000 case subscribers crazy you guys
drop love you so much stay peachy okay
bye
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]